Added FailedScheduling symptom for pending pod to the troubeshotting doc (#295)
konflux-ci/konflux-ci: docs/troubleshooting.md

* Setup scripts fail.
* Pipelines are triggered, but seem stuck and listing the pods on the user namespace
  (e.g. running `kubectl get pods -n user-ns2`) shows pods stuck in pending for a long

>   time. On checking the details output of pods with pending status `kubectl describe pods/<pod name with pending status> -n user-ns2`,
>   shows following error:

Reviewer: Let's keep the length of regular text lines at 90 characters.
```suggestion
  time. On checking the details output of pods with pending status `kubectl describe
  pods/<pod name with pending status> -n user-ns2`,  shows following error:
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  time. Checking the detailed output of pods with pending status `kubectl describe pods/<pod name with pending status> -n user-ns2`,
  shows following error:
```
